中误差阈值		The error threshold
平均中误差		The average error
The value of the cumulative Crop 最值累计裁剪
Loading statistics 载入统计值
设置影像背景值并显示为 Setting values and display
多波段彩色		Multi-band color
单波段灰度		Single-band grayscale
单波段伪彩色	Single-band pseudo color
您选择的矢量图层类型\"显示设置\"功能暂未支持，更多功能将在后续版本中添加
		Vector layers type you select \ "Display Settings \" function does not Support,more functions will be added in subsequent editions

计算基于：项目坐标参照系已关闭，画布单位默认为(英尺)，所有转换均由英尺得到。
		Project coordinate reference system is turned off, the default unit to the canvas (feet),all conversion by foot to get

当前长度计算根据地理坐标经纬度得到.The current length is calculated based on the geographical latitude and longitude coordinates


The image has not been established pyramid data for browsing
	该影像尚未建立用于浏览的金字塔数据

字段属性名不能为空  Field property name can not be empty

布尔 Bool
短整型 Short
整型Integer
浮点型Float
双精度浮点型Double
字符串 String
日期Date
时间Time
二进制Binary
文本Text





国家标准分幅活动开始执行	Begin to execute the national standard division range

Begin to execute the raster to other format 影像格式转换活动开始执行

没有指定输入影像文件  Does not specify the input image file
根据输入影像计算分幅编号失败   Based on the input image computing points number failed

准备提交作业到集群   Ready to submit a job to the cluster

镶嵌线生成活动开始执行	Begin to execute the generate Mosaic-line

无法打开输入影像 %1 获取无效数据值  Unable to open input image %1 to get no data value.

输入影像 %1 没有包含无效数据值的设定。The input image %1 does not contain no data value set.

没有指定输入的全色影像文件。Do not specify panchromatic image file

多光谱影像的数目必须同全色影像相同，或者为1。The number of multi-spectral images with panchromatic images must be the same or 1.

没有指定镶嵌线文件  Does not specify the Mosaic-line file.

Unrecognized output format identification   无法识别的输出格式标识

计算并行镶嵌任务分配情况   Computing parallel task allocation

无法访问输入影像:  Unable to access the input image:

镶嵌结果影像大小为 Mosaic result image size is  total has %3% tasks.

镶嵌块  Mosaic block

完成金字塔   

根据输入影像计算分幅编号失败  Framing number calculated based on the input image fails

影像匹配控制点检查活动开始执行 Begin to execute the image matching GCP inspection activities

Unable to open the input DEM data to extract information  无法打开输入DEM数据提取信息

DEM data input reference information is not specified 输入DEM数据没有指定参考系信息

pansharp 融合 --Pansharpening


影像镶嵌结果检查活动开始执行   Begin to execute the image mosaic checking

无效的工程类型！卫星正射校正活动仅能用于卫星数据处理工程中。 Invalid project type!Satellite Orthorectification actor can only be used for satellite data processing projects

没有指定控制点文件，将使用无控正射校正算法。GCP file does not specify ,will use of non-controlled Orthorectification algorithms.

没有指定正射影像分辨率。No specify the the resolution orthophotos.

卫星影像空三区域网平面平差活动开始执行

卫星空三平差活动仅能运行在卫星工程中  Satellite aerial triangulation adjustment activities only run in the satellite project

卫星影像自由网平差活动仅能运行在卫星工程中 Satellite images free network adjustment actor only run in the satellite project